Docs: updates k8s reference and adds examples to ingress.md (#704)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/deploy/k8s/ingress.md

Unless you disabled direct traffic to Endpoints, Pomerium would load balance the requests to the upstream endpoints. See the [Load Balancing](/docs/capabilities/load-balancing) guide for details, and use relevant Ingress annotations to fine tune load balancing and health checks.

```yaml
ingress.pomerium.io/lb_policy: 'lb_policy_option'
```

The `lb_policy` has the following options:

| **Load Balancer Policy options** |
| :-- |

> | [`ROUND_ROBIN`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/load_balancers#weighted-round-robin) |

Reviewer: please add a comment that each pod has equal weight, and that cannot be customized.

| [`RING_HASH`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/load_balancers#ring-hash) (may be further configured using [`ring_hash_lb_config`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto#config-cluster-v3-cluster-ringhashlbconfig) option) |
| [`LEAST_REQUEST`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/load_balancers#weighted-least-request) (may be further configured using [`least_request_lb_config`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-config-cluster-v3-cluster-leastrequestlbconfig)) |
| [`RANDOM`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/load_balancers#random) |
| [`MAGLEV`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/intro/arch_overview/upstream/load_balancing/load_balancers#maglev) (may be further configured using [`maglev_lb_config`](https://www.envoyproxy.io/docs/envoy/latest/api-v3/config/cluster/v3/cluster.proto#envoy-v3-api-msg-config-cluster-v3-cluster-maglevlbconfig) option) |

> You can further configure `lb_policy` with the following flags:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further configure `lb_policy` with the following OPTIONAL annotations:
```
